    Name of Game: Teraxia          Classes:                           Difficulty Levels:
                                   1) Barbarian                       1) Easy (monsters spawn less, more scores/experience points, less health points enemies)
                                   2) Warlock                         2) Medium (monsters spawn normal, decent scores/experience points, medium health points enemies) 
                                   3) Outlaw                          3) Hard (monsters spawn more, leninent scoring system, high hp enemies)

   Description:
    1) Barbarian: 
       Health Points: 200HP
       Information: In the untamed realms of our Eldoria, a Barbarian strides boldly into the fray. This formidable warrior is a force of sheer power and primal aggression. Standing tall with a muscular build and adorned in rugged, battle-worn armor, he emanates an aura of relentless determination. Having health points the greatest among the three classes, A barbarian is ready unleashing a furious onslaught that strikes terror into the hearts of enemies.

     
    2) Warlock:
       Health Points: 100HP
       Information: In the shadows where arcane secrets dwell, a figure emerges, veiled in mystery and wielding the dark arts. Known as a Warlock, this enigmatic spellcaster is a master of forbidden magic and eldritch powers. Cloaked in dark robes adorned with occult symbols, they exudes an air of mystique and malevolence. Although not the best in defense, but his powers sure do come in handy.

    
    3) Outlaw: 
       Health Points: 150HP
       Information: In the lawless expanses of our game world strides an Outlaw, a figure shrouded in defiance and driven by the thrill of rebellion. Known by the moniker "Outlaw", this daring renegade navigates the blurred lines between right and wrong with an air of cunning and bravado. Outlaws are the most cunning species in Eldoria.

     

    Quests: 
   

     1) A Friend in Need is a Friend Indeed:
        Backstory: "Draken", our ally who helped us purge the cursed Leviathans in the Great War, is abducted by the few remainaing Leviathans and have intent to purge him Draken as well.
        Task: Fight the Leviathans, find clues and rescue Draken.

     2) Lost Relics of the Elders:
        Objective: Eons ago, the world of Teraxia was ruled by gods who lived in high mountains. They called themselves "The Elders". Not long after, Teraxia plunged into a dark abyss by a unknown evil power. Before their ultimate 
        demise, The Elders possessed artefacts of alien and god powers.           
        Task: Locate the unknown artefacts of the Elders and unravel their mysterys.
  

  
     4)  The Forbidden Temple's Curse:
         Objective: A rumour around Teraxia, where a evil forest contains a temple containing a dark curse. Those who enter this temple, don't return and none knows why. No one has any idea what is lurking      in this temple 
         Task: This quest could be to retrieve a powerful artifact that's been hidden deep within an ancient temple.
   
     
 
         

     
